IBX-4759: Twig function to fetch current User (#1856)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/templating/twig_function_reference/other_twig_filters.md

# Other Twig filters

### `ibexa_user_get_current()`

> `ibexa_user_get_current()` returns the User object of the current user.

Reviewer: Specifically, what type of `User` object is returned? What is it's fully qualified class name?

> `ibexa_user_get_current()` returns the User object of the current user.

Author: ```suggestion
`ibexa_user_get_current()` returns the User object (`Ibexa\Core\Repository\Values\User\User`) of the current user.
```

> `ibexa_user_get_current()` returns the User object (`Ibexa\Core\Repository\Values\User\User`) of the current user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`ibexa_user_get_current()` returns the User object (`Ibexa\Contracts\Core\Repository\Values\User\User`) of the current user.
```

``` html+twig
{{ ibexa_user_get_current().login }}
```

> You can get the underlying Content item, including among other the user's name,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can get the underlying Content item, for example the user's name,
```
